The Joe Rogan experience.
Gentlemen. Anyway. Yes, sir. Good.
We're in Texas. Always. Great to be here with you.
Yeah. And, uh, another, another mover. You're you're a mover here as well.
Uh, yep. Uh, spent, uh, last month with his parents, uh,
looking for a house and I think we've, uh,
found a nice house to move into in spring, Texas. What you.
Over the edge?
Um, all the going on in California, uh, the laws,
the restrictions, the taxes, 13.3%. Uh, the governor, the mayor,
uh, the Congressman, the senators. Is that enough? Yeah, that's enough. Okay,
good. I second to all that, that's what moved that's.
Exactly. But as, as a doctor, right? When you look at the lockdowns,
like this is, this is where it gets really controversial, right?
Cuz people are saying that the whole reason for doing this is to protect people
because the emergency rooms are overcrowded and uh,
you don't think that's a suitable.
No, I, I think restrictions of our rights is a, is a key issue there. I,
you know, in looking contrasting what has been going on in Texas,
outside Boston, but in Houston and other places they're reasonable.
Abbot has been very reasonable about, uh,
certain factors that I love where a law abiding state.
Okay. We believe in individual rights, California is the opposite. Yeah.
How can you live pleasantly, uh, regardless of what occupation you're in,
how can you live there understanding that every movement that you're doing is
under surveillance. Cops are coming to your house during Thanksgiving or,
you know, is.
That happening though? I didn't. I know, I know there's something happening,
Canada. It was a really disturbing thing. Did you see about,
I did see in Canada they came in like full gustapo mode and just a family. Yeah,
yeah. One, they had five people in the house or something like that.
And people ratted 'em out. Like it's just, as soon as you make something,
a law and then you send cops out to enforce that and the cops think they're
justified and you get a few dumb cops and then they do something like this.
It just lets everybody know like, oh,
this is why it's dangerous to have too many restrictions because then you have
people that have, have to enforce those restrictions. Right.
And they're not doing their job. I mean the sheriff and the head of police in,
in California and Los Angeles came out and said they wouldn't upheld,
uphold the, uh, restrictions that Newsome was putting in.
I think in San Francisco also because it,
orange county would take them away from orange county.
It would take them away from their ability to do the real work,
protecting the citizens, not arrest them. Yeah. It's you know,
what happened in Staten island is just mind boggling with that.
Restaurateur was arrested and given a $10,000 a day
fine for having his restaurant open. He was social distancing. He had the, uh,
shields and protection. Everyone was wearing a mask,
but because they had on state island. So tightly, you know,
they're devastating all the businesses there, but he went up against it.
It just.
Seems to me that the amount of money that it would've cost to open up
new ICU rooms and, and figure out a way to staff them.
Would've been far less than the amount of money that it's costing.
All these people to lose their businesses, all these people to stop working.
Right.
It just seems rational that like the amount of money you could have figured out
a way to tax people like say, Hey, we're gonna let everybody open up, but we,
we need a temporary tax on sales of whatever.
That'll just go to help this. And people probably would've said, okay,
well it it'll just keep and give people the opportunity. Like you,
you have your options, you have your rights. You can choose to go to work,
choose to go to these restaurants,
choose to go to these bars and will figure out some way to.
Not New York city doing something like that. I don't know where they, I think,
I think they were doing some, uh, in restaurants,
they were adding a small amount of additional tax to compensate for the COVID.
Uh.
Well even they did, they shut down indoor dining and then complet. But they,
at least they have outdoor dining, which is hilarious. New York has it.
And it's freezing and snowing. Doesn't have it.
And then the woman who votes,
it's one woman who decides to shut everything down,
goes to dinner outside the day.
She does it and lied and said,
the reason why she was doing it is cuz her favorite restaurant.
And she wanted to say,
she was sorry to the staff and apologize for what they had to do.
Didn't talk to anybody full on lie. The people who work there going,
she didn't talk to us. Yeah. This is not just rules. Don't.
Rules. Don't count.
For them. Yeah. It's just, I get that. People wanna stay safe.
But as a doctor, does this make sense to you? Like what?
No. You know, on my list, I have a couple of the, um, uh,
the articles. It doesn't make sense. <affirmative> when you look at California,
the repetitive manner in which they put a lockdown,
we should see if it's effective, the numbers of cases dropping,
but they're not they're going up. So what does it tell us?
It tells us that the masks aren't working,
the six feet of separation is not working.
There's some other element that's out there that's creating, you know,
negating all the active modalities that they're doing. So why lockdown?
You know, the state allow people to have their, their employment,
but aren't.
Aren't check me if I'm wrong.
But is haven't cases gone down over the last two weeks since everything's been
completely locked up? No.
They've been one day.
They went up. I know and saw that yesterday,
spike Newsom said there's gonna be a surge on top of a surge Theyre.
Waiting for. Right. And they're talking about right. <laugh> cause he's, uh,
a doctor, he's the grandpa PBA, that's it? Are they using the PCR test to, uh,
to validate that that's a huge question.
They're using the PCR test and they're using the rapid one, but you know,
they're not, as, they're not accurate, they're not accurate.
They're just something we have now to utilize and then put a lot of credibility
on it. Um, the difference between the different PCR testing is that.
So there's a spike around Christmas time,
which is supposedly due to what is the idea that it's due
to gatherings? Is it so it's cuz they were trying to say that it was related to,
uh, Thanksgiving. So between October, November, end of November.
But if you look at it, it seems like two weeks after the end of November,
that would make sense. Right. That'd be right around. Show me like,
yeah, well that's that's longer than two weeks. Right?
Cause it seems like it kicked in the spikes kicked in right around. Uh,
well what is the big, first big spike right there? What is that? The 16, well,
that's kind of two weeks. That's two weeks ish.
I would wanna know what cycles are testing.
If there's any changes at the PCR test.
I believe this is hospitalization though, right? Or is this new cases?
This new cases. Yeah. It's uh, look, it's not good,
but you know, um, someone pointed out that the CDC website is finally, uh,
got information on and about vitamin D and, and some other things, right.
They just put it on there. Justin, just December, which is like Jesus guys,
nine months into a pandemic that's and you just started putting things on about
vitamins and the importance of nutrition,
catch new episodes that Joe Rogan experience for free only on Spotify,
watch back catalog J E videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly,
which between video and audio experience on Spotify,
you can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data cost. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the Jerry on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan experience.